#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url requirements-dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
altair==4.2.2
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.15.0
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nb-black
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.5
    # via streamlit
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tox
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.19
    # via sphinx
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   altair
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.95.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
identify==2.5.21
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbmake
    #   notebook
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nb-black
    #   nbqa
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
    #   sphinx
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
kaggle==1.5.13
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nb-black==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.6.8
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
    #   notebook
nbmake==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nbqa==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   altair
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
    #   tox
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pre-commit==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pre-commit-hooks==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   fastapi
    #   nbmake
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pylint==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyproject-api==1.5.1
    # via tox
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   urllib3
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbmake
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via kaggle
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kaggle
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.2
    # via streamlit
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   kaggle
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
squarify==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.26.1
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   streamlit-chat
streamlit-chat==0.0.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via nbqa
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   nbqa
    #   pre-commit-hooks
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tox==4.4.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kaggle
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   pydantic
    #   pylint
    #   rich
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2022.7
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3
    # via streamlit
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3[socks]==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
virtualenv==20.21.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
